Okay welcome.
So so far we've added all our boost up CFS and we've also added some custom he says but this is just
gonna be a quick video.
Just to add in some word press quasi SS which is required for the Feme So we head over to Google and
search for wordpress quasi us.
And the first resort should be the Codex with the CSA section.
So select that.
And then if you scroll down you should find there is a call WordPress section which you going to copy
place in morpheme.
Now the majority of this is for captions and aligning images and a little bit for accessibility.
And these are required.
Wordpress cost Isle's so and want to copy this section.
All the way down to the very bottom.
It's also an area for screen readers.
So Copy that.
And then over to our feet folder into the style that see assess.
We're going to paste it just above the global section and then save that.
So we've got the cso S4 screen readers.
Got some custom starlin for captions and the caption text and images.
There's also margin added to the captions.
And also some styling for the align for the right left centre.
So I'm going to save that and that's it.
That's all I wanted to show you in this video.
Just wanted to make sure that the cost aisles were missed out of all Feme So that's it.
And we'll see in the next video.